feat: Adds new tokens to `Tiles` (#134)
vtex-sites/nextjs.store: src/components/ui/Tiles/Tiles.stories.mdx

  gtin: '5595633577807',
  isVariantOf: {
    productGroupID: '130742',
    name: 'Handmade Steel Towels Practical',
  },
  image: [
    {
      url: 'http://storeframework.vtexassets.com/arquivos/ids/190191/numquam.jpg?v=637755599170100000',
      alternateName: 'est',
    },
  ],
  offers: {
    lowPrice: 181.71,
    offers: [
      {
        availability: 'https://schema.org/InStock',
        price: 181.71,
        listPrice: 208.72,
        quantity: 1,
        seller: { identifier: '1' },
      },
    ],
  },
}

export const MDXCustomImage = ({ aspectRatio = 3 / 4 }) => (
  <Image
    width={200}
    height={200 / aspectRatio}
    alt="Unsplash Monitor"
    src="https://storeframework.vtexassets.com/arquivos/ids/190903/unsplash-monitor.jpg"
  />
)

export const MDXProductCard = ({ product }) => (
  <ProductCard variant="wide" index={0} product={product} aspectRatio={4 / 3} />
)

<Meta component={Tiles} title="Molecules/Tiles" />

<header>

# Tiles (WIP)

This component works like layout boxes/cards, which can be arranged in different ways next to each other.

</header>

## Overview

According to the quantity of items to be displayed, tiles will be arranged differently.

> For now, the minimum items is 2 and the maximum is 4, but this component will be improved to accept different possibilities, for example the use of only one tile occupying the entire space of the section.

Reviewer: What do you think of using a `Callout` style here? 👀 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3356699/175394612-253188cb-ae45-4a27-8977-4b0d930e3df4.png)

Author: I like the idea, nice! 💯

> For now, the minimum items is 2 and the maximum is 4, but this component will be improved to accept different possibilities, for example the use of only one tile occupying the entire space of the section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum number of items is 2, and the maximum is 4. In the future, this component will be improved to accept different possibilities, for example, using only one tile occupying the entire section space.
```

---

## Usage

`import Tiles, { Tile } from 'src/components/ui/Tiles'`

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Usage--2-Tiles">
    <Tiles>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage aspectRatio={4 / 3} />
      </Tile>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage aspectRatio={4 / 3} />
      </Tile>
    </Tiles>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Usage--3-Tiles">
    <SessionProvider initialState={{}}>
      <Tiles>
        <Tile>
          <MDXProductCard product={product} />
        </Tile>
        <Tile>
          <MDXCustomImage />
        </Tile>
        <Tile>
          <MDXCustomImage />
        </Tile>
      </Tiles>
    </SessionProvider>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Usage--4-Tiles">
    <Tiles>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage />
      </Tile>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage />
      </Tile>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage />
      </Tile>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage />
      </Tile>
    </Tiles>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow token="--fs-tiles-gap-mobile" value="var(--fs-grid-gap-2)" />
  <TokenRow token="--fs-tiles-gap-tablet" value="var(--fs-grid-gap-3)" />
</TokenTable>

---

> ## Components

Reviewer: Compound Components? Or Components? Or Related Components?

Author: humm, I don't know if "Compound Components" makes sense because the component implementation doesn't follow this pattern. I don't think about the "Related Components" either because `Tile` isn't a derived component, like `ProductTiles`

Author: we agreed to move on with `Compound Components` since we have already discussed it with the team before

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

> import { TokenTable, TokenRow, Callout } from 'src/../.storybook/components'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import {
  TokenTable,
  TokenRow,
  TokenDivider,
  Callout,
} from 'src/../.storybook/components'
```

      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage aspectRatio={4 / 3} />
      </Tile>
    </Tiles>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Usage--3-Tiles">
    <SessionProvider initialState={{}}>
      <Tiles>
        <Tile>
          <MDXProductCard product={product} />
        </Tile>
        <Tile>
          <MDXCustomImage />
        </Tile>
        <Tile>
          <MDXCustomImage />
        </Tile>
      </Tiles>
    </SessionProvider>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Usage--4-Tiles">
    <Tiles>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage />
      </Tile>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage />
      </Tile>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage />
      </Tile>
      <Tile>
        <MDXCustomImage />
      </Tile>
    </Tiles>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow token="--fs-tiles-gap-mobile" value="var(--fs-grid-gap-2)" />
  <TokenRow token="--fs-tiles-gap-tablet" value="var(--fs-grid-gap-3)" />
</TokenTable>

---

## Compound Components

### Tile

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow token="--fs-tiles-tile-min-width" value="9rem" />
  <TokenRow token="--fs-tiles-tile-height-mobile" value="24rem" />
  <TokenRow token="--fs-tiles-tile-height-tablet" value="28rem" />

>   <TokenRow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <TokenDivider />
  <TokenRow
```

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { TokenTable, TokenRow } from 'src/../.storybook/components'

import { SessionProvider } from '@faststore/sdk'
import ProductCard from 'src/components/product/ProductCard'

import Tiles, { Tile } from '.'

> export const getRatio = (products, idx) => {

Reviewer 3: Did you consider exporting `getRatio` from `ProductTiles` and importing it here? I'm not sure where I stand: export/import just for this sake or simply copying. ⚖️

Author: Yeah.. I was reasoning with the same question: for reusability purposes, I think we should export/import from `ProductTiles`, but on the other hand, we have no use of this function for the `Tiles` component itself, only makes sense for the related component `ProductTiles` 🤔

  const expandsFirstTile = products === 3 && idx === 0

>   const expandsFirstTwoTile = products === 2 && (idx === 0 || idx === 1)

Reviewer 3: I understand this has just been copied from `ProductTiles`, but taking a closer look now, `(idx === 0 || idx === 1)` seems redundant since when there are only 2 products both should expand.
🤔 
```suggestion
  const expandsFirstTwoTile = products === 2
```

  return expandsFirstTile || expandsFirstTwoTile ? 4 / 3 : 3 / 4
}

> export const MDXProductCard = ({ index, product, productsNumber }) => (

Reviewer 3: I see! Must be some idiosyncrasy from Storybook, let's agree for now.

  <ProductCard
    index={index + 1}
    product={product}
    aspectRatio={getRatio(productsNumber, index)}
  />
)

<Meta component={Tiles} title="Molecules/Tiles" />

<header>

# Tiles

This component works like layout boxes/cards, which can be arranged in different ways next to each other.

</header>

## Overview

According to the quantity of Tiles to be displayed (minimum of 2 and maximum of 4), Tiles will be arranged differently.

---

## Usage

`import Tiles, { Tile } from 'src/components/ui/Tiles'`

### 2 items

<Canvas>
  <Story
    name="Usage"
    args={{

>       products: Array(2).fill({

Reviewer 3: What do you think of adding a `const product` with this data and reuse it here and in other examples (e.g. `products: Array(2).fill(product)`? I think it would make it easier to scan this file.
